[Music]
my passion in 2001 I came in to Duluth
as a semi-pro and I remember it was dad
and I running out of her a little
trailer we didn't have a lot of support
I ended up winning but I didn't know I
just knew I was working my way through
and I'm like I've been opposed to a
podium so I threw a heel clicker off the
finish line I land and the corner worker
he's got his arms he's pumping his fist
and he's like congratulations I'm like
awesome I'm like what did I get and he's
like you won man you won that's like yes
so it was pretty cool the cool way to
win my first semi-pro race and and that
led to me you know having a lot of
success that season which ultimately
resulted in me ended up on the factory
Polaris team
[Music]
you
you know I've literally been coming here
for 18 years and I think back to my
first time I was so nervous to be here
in Duluth at the big show and I won the
Junior 1415 class you know ended up
getting a fourth or something but I'll
never forget that going out there and be
able to race in front of a crowd of
people like there is a Duluth
I just was so excited and then I don't
know if that was my my motivator or what
but I instantly fell in love with the
fans and with with the crowd and you
know ever since then that's kind of been
my my thing I've always always tried to
put on a show for the fans
you
season we got a great group of guys you
know we've had them for the last couple
years you know we got Jake Scott and E
leaders in Kyle bullying you know Kyle
was able to to finish third last year
and the points and you know he's looking
looking really strong this year Jake and
Andy were able to step their game up
we've been working with them on some
different things in practice and you
know I think they're looking really
really good this year so hopefully we
can everyone can continue to progress
and get faster and faster
you
[Music]
it was an awesome weekend for sure I
couldn't ask couldn't ask for a better
way to start come over the to quality of
the 32 seconds and
felt good felt strong the whole weekend
I had a little little finger with my
elbow there and they kind of nursed it
through today but it worked out could be
happier to be on the clock
[Music]
you